Grammar Updates to the General Folder (#1026)
AdguardTeam/AdguardKnowledgeBase: 01.general/16.adguard-translations/docs.en.md

![crowdin](https://cdn.adguard.com/public/Adguard/kb/en/ag-translations/text-box.png) 

> If you don't agree with existing translations, you can still suggest your own versions. Also, you can upvote and downvote suggestions made by other volunteers by clicking the "plus" and "minus" buttons.

Author: ```suggestion
If you don't agree with an existing translation, you can suggest your own version. Also, you can upvote and downvote suggestions made by other volunteers by clicking the "plus" and "minus" buttons.

```

There are several things we'd like you to know before you start translating. It will not only save your time and effort, but also ensure that we are on the same page in terms of the meaning of the phrases being translated.

1. Pay attention to glossary terms, which are highlighted with a dotted line in a source phrase. These are usually special words (like brand names) that should not be translated.

![crowdin](https://cdn.adguard.com/public/Adguard/kb/en/ag-translations/terms.png) 

You can suggest your translation for translatable terms in the [AdGuard Glossary](https://crowdin.com/project/adguard-glossary) project.

> 2. The phrases in Crowdin can be accompanied by useful notes that make phrases easier to understand and translate. You can find them in the "context" field of the source string box.

Author: ```suggestion
In Crowdin, strings can have notes to make them easier to understand and translate. Look for them in the "Context" field of the source string.
```

![crowdin](https://cdn.adguard.com/public/Adguard/kb/en/ag-translations/plurals.png) 

> Proper plural forms are extremely important, so please ask us in the comments if anything is unclear.

Author: ```suggestion
Proper plural forms are extremely important; please ask us in the comments if anything is unclear.
```
